OADP-682 Support for insecure TLS connections (#75994)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/support-insecure-tls-connections.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

Reviewer: This kind of looks like a single-step procedure.

Author: I was afraid you'd say that :)

[id="support-insecure-tls-connections_{context}"]
= Support for insecure TLS connections

> If a custom CA certificate is used, then thw `must-gather` pod fails to grab the output for `velero logs/describe`. To allow insecure TLS connections, you can use the following command to pass a flag to the `must-gather` command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a custom CA certificate is used, then the `must-gather` pod fails to grab the output for `velero logs/describe`. To allow insecure TLS connections, you can use the following command to pass a flag to the `must-gather` command:
```

> If a custom CA certificate is used, then the `must-gather` pod fails to grab the output for `velero logs/describe`. To allow insecure TLS connections, you can use the following command to pass a flag to the `must-gather` command:

Reviewer: ISG prefers that you avoid this sort of "If... then" construction. Suggestion:

```suggestion
If a custom CA certificate is used, the `must-gather` pod fails to grab the output for `velero logs/describe`. To allow insecure TLS connections, enter the following command to pass a flag to the `must-gather` command:
```

[source,terminal]
----

> oc adm must-gather --image=quay.io/konveyor/oadp-must-gather:latest -- /usr/bin/gather_without_tls <true/false>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 -- /usr/bin/gather_without_tls <true/false>
```

Any way to have this be a variable?

The image used should be the same one used in https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.html#migration-using-must-gather_oadp-troubleshooting section.

Which is ideally specific image to the version of operator installed.

Author: @kaovilai @anarnold97  

1.  I can easily create a variable , but I see in the documentation that we have an image specified for 1.2 and 1.3 and I'd guess we'll have one for 1.4. Therefore, I suggest adding one variable now called "mustgather-image-1.3" (value=rhel9:v1.3), adding another called "mustgather-image-1.4" when the time comes, and leaving the image for 1.2 hard-coded, as is, since 1.2's days are numbered .   WDYT?

Author: @kaovilai For now, I've made the change without using a new attribute.

Reviewer 3: Works

> oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 -- /usr/bin/gather_without_tls <true/false>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 -- /usr/bin/gather_without_tls <true/false>
```

----

> By default, the flag value is set to `false`, set it to `true` to allow insecure TLS connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the flag value is set to `false`. Set the value to `true` to allow insecure TLS connections.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="support-insecure-tls-connections_{context}"]
= Using must-gather with insecure TLS connections

> If a custom CA certificate is used, the `must-gather` pod fails to grab the output for `velero logs/describe`. To use `must-gather` with  insecure TLS connections, you can pass the `gather_without_tls` flag to the `must-gather` command.

Reviewer 4: Is the second usage of `must-gather` referring to the tool or the command? It could be helpful to pair the literal with a noun.

Author: Good point. I suggest using "tool" as we do elsewhere in the documentation.

.Procedure
* Pass the `gather_without_tls` flag, with value set to `true`, to the `must-gather` by using the following command:

[source,terminal]
----

> oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 -- /usr/bin/gather_without_tls <true/false>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 -- /usr/bin/gather_without_tls <true/false>
```

Author: Fixed
